1.   What is the main aim or purpose of this application?
A :     Refer the Abstract in your documentation

2.  Why you have developed this application in java language?
A :     Since java is platform independent

3.   .Net is also platform independent .Why you have chosen java language?
A :  .Net is platform independent according to theory only till now.

    .Net perfect practical implementations are not existing on the                platforms  like linux ,unix etc.

4.  How many types of users are there in this system ?
A :  Refer the document

5.   What are the activities of each user ?
A : Refer yesterday's notes/documents for activities of each user.

6. How many modules are there in this project?
A : Refer documentation.

7.  What tachnologies you have used to develop the frontend part in your project?

A: HTML,Servlets & jsp.

8.  Which web server you have used to deploy this web aplication ?

A : Apache tomcat 6.0.

9.   What is the difference  between webserver and an application server ?

A : Any server which can understand the Http request and can send the http         response is nothing but a webserver. Apart from this application server       provides a facility to genarate the code automatically for security       management  & database transaction management etc.

10. Which data base you have used  in this project ?
A : Oracle 10g (XE)

11. Why you have chosen this database server ?
A : Since Oracle is more Secure database server.And it is world best Transactional server.

12. How many tables are there in your project ?
A : Refer data dictionary in your document.

13. How many normal forms you have applied on the tables ?
A: First two normal forms.

       In the first normal forms we have divided the total data into different tables 
       to reduce the redundancy.

        In the second normal form we have specified primary keys, foreign keys and other  constraints.

14.  Which database driver you have used to interact with Oracle database ?
A :  Thin driver for Oracle.

15.  What is your role in this project ?
A :  I have involved in coding,unit Testing & Integration Testing.



